Drop support for python 2.7, 3.4, and 3.5 (#376)
pypa/packaging: CHANGELOG.rst

*unreleased*
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Drop support for python 2.7, 3.4, and 3.5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update compatibility to Python 3.6 and above.
```

"Look at the bright side of things"
